README.md, before:

# Kind Cornwall

Welcome to Kind Cornwall. We are a social enterprise that believe communities are the most sustainable, resilient and supportive networks. 

Communities evolve into the spaces around them, and are united by a common goal. Our goal is to create a thriving economy in Cornwall populated by independent creative local businesses.

Kind Cornwall is a community of Cornish business owners bonded by kindness towards people and our planet. We cultivate social spaces for sustainable change, provide business support and develop new technology helping to save the planet.

Kind Cornwall helps you shape your business, attract new customers, and progress your personal development. 

## Features 

This website is for anybody who wants to learn more about sustainability and take action to making our planet more sustainable.

### Existing Features

- __Navigation Bar__

  - Featured on all seventeen pages, the full responsive navigation bar includes links to the Home, Community, Studios,and Inspire.
  - The navigation bar will also appear on the individual question pages for the quiz and it will appear on the registration form.
  - This section will allow the user to easily navigate from page to page across all devices without having to revert back to the previous page via the ‘back’ button.
  - This section allows users to easily see what page they are on, as the current page is highlighted. highlighted 
  - When on one of the 6 awareness pages no page will be highlighted.


- __The Footer__

  - Featured on all seventeen pages, so users have a constant call to action to register their email address.
  - The footer section includes a field for users to submit their email.
  - The footer is valuable to the user as they will be able to register for our weekly newsletter on how to be more sustainable.
  - The email address has to entered before the user can click join.

![The Footer](markdown/images/footer.png)

- __The landing page__

  - The landing page includes a hero image, with a countdown timer to the launch of kind cornwall.
  - A scroll down button is included, so users can easily scroll down to the next section.
  - The next section includes a description of what kind cornwall wants to achieve, with an image of peoples faces next it.
  - The section also includes a button where people can join kind cornwall.
  - Upon loading 
  
  - __The community page__

  - The community page includes a hero image, with a description of our community next to a geometric heart which is part of the Kind Cornwall branding.
  - At the heart of Kind Cornwall is our member community, the feature shows images of peoples faces that represent our community, it is accompanied by a further description.
  - The final part of page contains four boxes each box contains one of the four benefits of joining our community, knowledge, connections, inspiration and support.
  - The user is able to click and a pop up will appear with more information about the relevant benefits.

  ## Testing 

- __Different Browsers__

 - The site tests well on different browsers.

- __Chrome__

 - All previous screenshots in this document have been taken from Chrome.

- __Mozilla__


- __Edge__


- __Footer__



- __Responsiveness__



### Validator Testing 

- __Html__


# Credits
- __Code__

- pop up modal home https://codepen.io/ptamaro/pen/YQWMEW
- scroll down https://codepen.io/tr13ze/pen/VjLLgJ
- Quiz https://github.com/briancodex/quiz-app-js
- accordian https://codepen.io/kira-code/pen/vYemdLw
- multiple modals https://stackoverflow.com/questions/40645032/creating-multiple-modals-on-a-single-page
- Countdown launch https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3PHXvlpOkf4&t=2644s
- Nav bar https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/javascript-projects-for-beginners/#how-to-create-a-review-carousel


- __Content__
- quotes https://www.shopify.co.uk/blog/motivational-quotes
- community https://www.huffpost.com/entry/the-5-benefits-of-communi_b_10390826


- __Images__
- Logo created in Canva
- Circle images created in Canva using this sources https://unsplash.com/collections/0IDxrC-e79c/cornwall

Commit message:

Add description of inspire page to readme

README.md, after:

# Kind Cornwall

Welcome to Kind Cornwall. We are a social enterprise that believe communities are the most sustainable, resilient and supportive networks. 

Communities evolve into the spaces around them, and are united by a common goal. Our goal is to create a thriving economy in Cornwall populated by independent creative local businesses.

Kind Cornwall is a community of Cornish business owners bonded by kindness towards people and our planet. We cultivate social spaces for sustainable change, provide business support and develop new technology helping to save the planet.

Kind Cornwall helps you shape your business, attract new customers, and progress your personal development. 

## Features 

This website is for anybody who wants to learn more about sustainability and take action to making our planet more sustainable.

### Existing Features

- __Navigation Bar__

  - Featured on all seventeen pages, the full responsive navigation bar includes links to the Home, Community, Studios,and Inspire.
  - The navigation bar will also appear on the individual question pages for the quiz and it will appear on the registration form.
  - This section will allow the user to easily navigate from page to page across all devices without having to revert back to the previous page via the ‘back’ button.
  - This section allows users to easily see what page they are on, as the current page is highlighted. highlighted 
  - When on one of the 6 awareness pages no page will be highlighted.


- __The Footer__

  - Featured on all seventeen pages, so users have a constant call to action to register their email address.
  - The footer section includes a field for users to submit their email.
  - The footer is valuable to the user as they will be able to register for our weekly newsletter on how to be more sustainable.
  - The email address has to entered before the user can click join.

![The Footer](markdown/images/footer.png)

- __The landing page__

  - The landing page includes a hero image, with a countdown timer to the launch of kind cornwall.
  - A scroll down button is included, so users can easily scroll down to the next section.
  - The next section includes a description of what kind cornwall wants to achieve, with an image of peoples faces next it.
  - The section also includes a button where people can join kind cornwall.
  - Upon loading 
  
  - __The community page__

  - The community page includes a hero image, with a description of our community next to a geometric heart which is part of the Kind Cornwall branding.
  - At the heart of Kind Cornwall is our member community, the feature shows images of peoples faces that represent our community, it is accompanied by a further description.
  - The final part of page contains four boxes each box contains one of the four benefits of joining our community, knowledge, connections, inspiration and support.
  - The user is able to click and a pop up will appear with more information about the relevant benefits.

- __The inspire page__

  - A large part of Kind Cornwall is offering inspiration to Cornish business owners.

  ## Testing 

- __Different Browsers__

 - The site tests well on different browsers.

- __Chrome__

 - All previous screenshots in this document have been taken from Chrome.

- __Mozilla__


- __Edge__


- __Footer__



- __Responsiveness__



### Validator Testing 

- __Html__


# Credits
- __Code__

- pop up modal home https://codepen.io/ptamaro/pen/YQWMEW
- scroll down https://codepen.io/tr13ze/pen/VjLLgJ
- Quiz https://github.com/briancodex/quiz-app-js
- accordian https://codepen.io/kira-code/pen/vYemdLw
- multiple modals https://stackoverflow.com/questions/40645032/creating-multiple-modals-on-a-single-page
- Countdown launch https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3PHXvlpOkf4&t=2644s
- Nav bar https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/javascript-projects-for-beginners/#how-to-create-a-review-carousel


- __Content__
- quotes https://www.shopify.co.uk/blog/motivational-quotes
- community https://www.huffpost.com/entry/the-5-benefits-of-communi_b_10390826


- __Images__
- Logo created in Canva
- Circle images created in Canva using this sources https://unsplash.com/collections/0IDxrC-e79c/cornwall
